docs: add codesandbox sample for findDOMNode is deprecated (#51101)
ant-design/ant-design: components/popconfirm/index.en-US.md

## FAQ

> ### Why does the warning `findDOMNode is deprecated` some times appear in strict mode?

Author: ```suggestion
### Why does the warning `findDOMNode is deprecated` sometimes appear in strict mode?
```
